# Heart-Disease-Neural-Network 
## What Was Found
### The model found that people after 65 are at a much higher risk for heart disease than younger patients and Men are at much higher risk than women.
### There are 4 different types of chest pain: ASY, NAP, ATA and TA. ASY is represented as 0 on the X axis, ATA is represented as 1, NAP is represented as 2, and TA is represented ### as 3. ASY is a type of chest pain that is caused when there is no electrcity in the heart, NAP chest pain is located in the middle of the chest, ATA is atrial tachyarrhythmias ### which is also known as an arrhythmia. TA stands for typical angina which is substernal chest pain precipitated by physical exertion or emotional stress and relieved with rest ### or nitroglycerin. People with ASY have a much higher chance of having heart disease than any other type of chest pain. TA has the lowest rate of heart disease.
### People with extremely low RestingBP and people with a restingBP over 250 are the most likely demograpics to have heart disease.
### The dataset had 3 different types of resting ECG: Normal, ST, and LVH. 0 represents LVH, 1 represents normal, and 2 represents ST on the graph. An ECG is short for ### ### electrocardiogram and it tests how fast the heart is beating, the rhythm of the heart beats, and the strength and timing of the electrical impulses as they move through the ### different parts of the heart. The ST segment encompasses the region between the end of ventricular depolarization and beginning of ventricular repolarization on the ECG and the LVH ### means that the test shows that a patient has left ventricle hypertrophy. The vast majority of the patients has normal ECGs and concerns found in the ST segment of the test were ### far more correlated with heart disease than an LVH issue.
### A lower maximum heart rate was shown to be correlated with heart disease and exercise Angina was highly correlated with heart disease.
### Oldpeak is ST depression caused by activity in comparison to rest. The higher Oldpeak was proven to be correlated with heart disease being present.
### The ST slope can either be up, down, or flat. The ST slope shows us a shift relative to exercise-induced increments in heart rate. On the graph, 2 represents an upward ST ### ### slope, 1 represent s a flat ST slope, and 0 represents a downward ST slope. Having a flat ST slope is highly correlated with having heart disese and having an upward ST slope  ### is highly correlated with having good heart health.
